All right that brings us to the end of this course.
I really enjoyed going through this course with you guys and I also really enjoyed creating it I hope
is really helpful for you if it was you can go ahead and leave a review if you'd like.
If not no worries.
Let's do a quick recap of what we learned in this course.
So first off we went over the basics of Photoshop.
Once we got comfortable in Photoshop we went ahead and started learning how to draw and all the basic
fundamentals of drawing.
Then we went ahead and took all that knowledge that we learned about drawing and color theory and applied
it to our first asset.
Then we took that asset and created an even more advanced paint texture for it once you got comfortable
with painting assets in Photoshop.
We went ahead and recreated some assets from Raman where you learn how to create patterns in Photoshop
as well as how to paint glass.
Once we did that we went ahead and created a sword and he learned how to paint leather and metal.
And then lastly you learn how to paint a jewel button where you learned how to create transparent gems
as well as a gold texture.
Now there's also a bonus section in this course.
So if you keep moving on they'll be another lecture on how to animate a play button and eventually there's
going to be even more videos and that bonus section.
So thanks for joining me on this course and I really enjoyed this.
I look forward to seeing your artwork and have a great day.